# Introduction
This section describes the use of the application by detailing the abstract.

About the Project:

"E-MARKETPLACE NITK" project is intended to serve as a platform for the students of 
NITK in buying/selling usable products from other students of NITK. Upon opening the appli-
cation, a student has the choice of performing 4 operations: buying or selling products, viewing
notifications, registering. 
If the student chooses to buy a product, the student is asked to
choose the category of the item to be bought. If the item is available, it can be bought from
the seller and the item will be removed from the list of items for sale. If the student chooses
to sell a product, he/she can add the product to the list of products for sale, with the product
description in detail.

Buying a product:
1. For buying a product one needs to first enter his/her registered roll no. in the format of
xxx(CH)xxx eg. 191CH036 or 191ME222.
2. Then, the registered password is entered. (The password can be upto 10 characters)
3. Now, the type of product to be bought can be chosen or he/she can also return to the
main menu.
4. If he/she wants any of the product, he/she can go to it's details by typing the respective
number for the product.
5. The user must press `y' if he/she wants to buy it. Otherwise the user must press `n'. A
user must remember to press `y' if he/she is absolutely sure that the amount can be paid.
6. A notification will be sent to the owner of the product.

Selling a product:
1. For selling a product one needs to first enter his/her registered roll number. (The roll
number must be entered as mentioned earlier).
2. Then, the registered password is entered. (The password can be upto 10 characters)
3. The seller must choose the product category.
4. The seller must enter the product name, usage (new/used) and price quoted.
5. The seller must enter product description and then the product is put for sale.
6. The seller may sell more products till the maximum limit of 20 products is attained.

Purchase requests:
In this section, after typing the roll no. and password (The roll number must be entered as
mentioned earlier), the user will be able to see whether he/she got any request from another
user for purchase of his/her product with the details of the other user, for easy contact with
the person.

For registering:
1. After going to register option, the user enters his/her name first.
2. The user has to enter roll number and password. The user must remember that the
password can be upto 10 characters. The roll number must be entered as mentioned
earlier.
3. The user must conrm the password.
4. The user's account is now created.

Help menu:
For making this application user-friendly and easily understandable, we have also provided a
HELP MENU section within the application which a user can visit if he/she has any query or
faces any trouble or issues in the application while using it.
